This week we had a test in OOP and the same day I had a full-day interview with a company that I am really excited for. I prioritized studying for the interview than studying for the test. At this point I no longer care about grades as long as I am passing and instead I am focusing on getting a good job after graduating. I have no idea how other people manage to juggle interviews, projects, tests and social lives and seem to excel in all of them. I can barely do interviews and classes and I am falling apart. 
Due to the interviews I had to skipped a couple of classes of OOP and it showed during the test. I felt like I was not familiar with a lot of the terminology of the test and that some things on the test might have only been mentioned during class and not in the notes, but that is my fault for missing classes I guess. We talked about Iterators and all the differences between them. I had heard about iterators during Data Structures but I had no idea they were so complex. It makes sense that they have to be complex in order for all the data structures to work but I hadn't thought about it until class. 
Computer Science keeps surprising me more and more each day. It seems like no matter how much I learn there will always be something that I had no idea existed.

Tip of the week is: don't stress if you missed a couple of classes because of interviews, just plan accordingly and talked to your professors about it. Chances are they will also recommend going to the interview instead of class.
