---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---
	
Week 9

Another week and another project due. This week was especially hard for me because it seemed as if all my professors got together and decided to make all their projects due this week. I had to turn in a project on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday. This is UT and CS is a challenging major so heavy work load is to be expected. Every body has bad weeks and this one was a bad week for me. I slept late, woke up early, ate very little and the stress was killing me. 
Thankfully I had friends in all of my classes that were able to help me out in this projects. They helped me handle the stress and made it easier to do each project. If you learn anything from my posts let it be this, make friends in every single one of your classes. I know talking to new people can suck and it is hard to make new friends, but the advantages that they give is worth it.
I ashamed to admit but I started the Allocator project late, and I had accepted the fact that I was going to work alone and pull several all nighters to finish it. Hopefully I over heard someone in class talking about how they didn't have a partner and I reached out to him and he agreed to be my partner. 
We worked really hard that day and the next. We were able to finish the project on time and I don't think I would've been able to do it without a partner.

My tip of the week: make friends in every class and never be afraid of asking them for help. Chances are they will love to help and both of you will understand the material better.
