---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---
	
Week 2

If you are like me then this is the first class that you have used GitHub and the first time you use it, it can feel like drinking from a fire hose. I opened the first project and started looking at the steps to make the project work and I started panicking because I couldn’t even get past the first three steps by myself. It was humiliating. I saw posts on Piazza from other people that were almost done with their project and I started doubting myself as a Computer Science student. I know that I am not the brightest programmer but I consider myself a smart person and it was horrible failing at the first steps. In the past I had projects where I had trouble at one point or another, but not on the first three steps of a 39 step list.

Thankfully I have acquired the skill to look up everything on the web and to accept the fact that I don’t always know what I am doing. I went through four or five GitHub tutorials for Beginners until I found one that I understood and that worked for me. Right now I am almost finishing the first project and I am relieved to say that I am getting the hang of it. So don’t worry if you are like me and this class introduces you to a lot of new services that you hadn’t used before because you are not the first one and I am pretty sure you will not be the last person that has problems with GitHub.

My weekly tip for you is that there will always be people smarter than you in the class and most of the times they are glad to help, in my class someone is sharing his notes and another guy wrote a script to make testing incredibly easy. I don’t think proud programmer gets very far in life.

