---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---
This week we focused mainly on testing in python and which ways are better for testing certain aspects of our code. While seeing the differences between unit tests and acceptance tests I still can’t figure out what needs to be tested and what doesn’t. There have been times when I write code were every variable has an assert to guarantee that the input and output are valid, but sometimes this feels incredibly tedious and unnecessary.
Other times I put all of my code in try-catch blocks just in case something goes wrong and for my code to keep running instead of stopping, but I haven’t had the experience were I do anything exceptional in the catch block. All I am doing right now is to form the habit of using try-catches and assertions. I assume I will use them extensively when I graduate and get a job but right now I simply print the error message and stop my execution.
Another habit that I want to form is to write my test cases first before programming anything. I tend to write really sloppy code when I don’t plan ahead and making test cases before hand stops me from deviating on my original plans. I may have to change the parameters of the tests and other details but what they return and what they take in should not change as much, if it does then that is a clear signal that I am messing up or that I have misunderstood the assignment.

Tip of the week: don’t believe that you can install and set up your working station in 5min, sometimes it may take quite a bit of time since not every bug is documented or the installation guide might be complicated. I had a hard time installing coverage3 because I did not know I had to install it with pip3 instead of pip.
