---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

1. What did you do this past week?
This week we learned among other things about how * and ** unpack an iterable and I was fascinated that I had never heard anything of this sort in any other class or had this function come up in any of my studying.

We also had a talk from Conrad Stoll from Mutual Mobile who gave a really interesting talk about Open Source projects and how and why we should contribute to them.

2. What's in your way?
Finding better turotials online and bad documentations is what is in my way of learning all the obscured functionalities of a language.

For Open Source my own mentality is in my way. I used to think that Open Source contributors are extremelly good programmers and I don't consider myself an extremelly good programmer so I believed that Open Source was not for me.

3. What will you do next week?
At this point the only thing that I can do is open up the python library and start reading all of it.

I think that next week I will start browsing open source projects that need help and maybe I will find one that I like and grow invested in.

More details on my experience with obscured functionalities of a language:
I have been programming since I was 14 and even though I know I barely scratching the surface of what programming is, I felt confident enough to know the basic functionality of java, C and python. It was surprised how I had ignored something so obvious and convenient for so long, but how was I suppose to know it existed? If these functionalities don’t show up in online tutorials, or in examples on the web, how can I learn these functionalities? 

More details on my Open Source experience:
Listening to Conrad, I started thinking that maybe it wasn’t such a big deal after all. He said how he had implemented some functionalities over the weekend and how extremely useful it was. If he could do it in a weekend, maybe I can do it in a week or a bit more. It is something that I will definitely start investigating.

Tip of the Week: Never settle if your code passes all the tests but there are still ways that you know which can make your code more efficient. It is not enough to pass the professor’s tests, keep at it until you are more than satisfied with your code.

