---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

What did you do this past week? 
Last week I worked on my remaining two projects of the year, Idb3 and a Data Mining project. It was really frustrating, especially the idb3 project since we made a mistake on idb2 and had to fix that in order to start idb3. We worked almost all night until midnight, but I guess that by now I should be used to that as a CS major. I also learned a lot cool refactoring tricks that I had no idea about in software engineering.

What's in your way? 
These last two projects and I am done. I think now what is in my way is to prepare for my full time job that I will be starting in July. I am really nervous and I will finally be able to dedicate my self to my career instead of classes. Another thing that I hadn't considered is the Data Mining class, which I am not doing as great as I'd hope. If I don't pass this class all my plans about the future will be shattered.

What will you do next week? 
Next week I will help my team setup the presentation and do some finishing touches to the project in order to present it on Wednesday. I have no idea what to expect for the presentations and I am really nervous since we are the second team presenting.

Tip of the Week: I am seeing too many of my friends stressed about grades and a lot of them are saying that they will have to repeat the semester even though there is still time. There might be many people like you struggling in the class and the curve might help. Study until the last exam is done.
