---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

Last week we went over over some Data Science topics like root mean square average and other python implementations like yield and the differences between iterating with a list, a tuple and iterator and a generator. We also used maps which create generators which get exhausted after being used.

After handing in this week’s project about Netflix’s challenge I decided to do some research on how Netflix manages its data and it amazed me. The math and relationships that data scientist can do with data from people is astounding. I am also taking cs363, which is Data Mining, this semester and I learning about data prediction so this project was really interesting to me. I also learned recently that Data Scientist is the TOP paying job right now according to some online article which I cannot find the link to. But it is not hard to think why a data scientist can make so much money now days. With huge companies gathering petabytes of data each year they need someone who can make sense of it. Knowing where to buy, when to sell, and what people might be interested is hugely profitable to these companies.

It is a bit too late for me to dwell into data science but if I would’ve known about the field a couple of years ago I would have definitely given it a try. I find it incredibly interesting and hopefully I will be able to do more data science once I start working next semester. I wonder how many other fields related to Computer Science there are that I would have also loved yet never had the chance to discover. I took all the classes that people take to get a BS in CS yet I feel like there was so much more to discover.

I feel like what is in my way to learn more about Data Science is just time. Unfortunately I don't have that much time right now to pursue my curiosity as much as I wanted since I am graduating and will be working full time starting July. Next week I will not research more about data science, instead I will be studying for the test and writing my own functions for range, map, reduce, etc. I think I have a good idea of what will be on the test since I took OOP with Prof Downing and I will be prepared for it.

Tip of the Week: Take random classes early on the semester and don’t feel like you need to do 100% what your advisor tells you. I wish I would’ve taken Data Mining earlier.
