---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

1. What did you do this past week?
This past week we learned about more python functions like select and cross joins as well as more details on how python works such as the cache that python has that stores numbers from -5 to 256 and outside of those ranges it caches it like an object. I think that for the first time in the semester I fully understand what we are seeing in class during class. I don’t have to review the code afterwards to understand it, I still do, but I do it to review, not to learn from zero. I do not know if it is because I am getting the hand of how the class works of if it is just practice with python, anyway I am really enjoying it and not stressing about this class for once.

2. What's in your way?
I am usually a very unmotivated person, but I can’t let that stop me now. I have to keep going this good pace and learn a bit more everyday. SWE has given a nice pace to learn and work, one or two new functions every day and then we practice them. I just have to keep this going.

3. What will you do next week?
Next week I will grab one of my partners from the last project and go study with him to the library. He helped me do great in the test and the more I study the more confident I am in my own abilities as a programmer.

Tip of the Week: Don’t let an exam grade bring you down, must of us do poorly in at least one exam in every CS course but that doesn’t mean you will fail the class. Work really hard on your projects and those will help you bring your grade up.
