---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

1. What did you do this past week?
This past week we had our first Software Engineering test, everything else is a blur. At first I was terrified because there are just so many details that we have covered in this course like the many ways to implement range or the different rules for =, * and **. I started studying during the weekend and it seemed like I wasn't learning anything. Every document I read seemed obvious and the quizzes seemed simple. They only seemed simple because we had already gone through them in class and we knew the answer but it was hard to study for this class since I couldn't imagine what Prof Downing could ask us.

2. What's in your way?
After this test I have one more Data Mining test and I am done with schoolwork until spring break. As excited as I am for spring break I can't help but feel as if I could get better use of my time than going on a vacation. There are a lot of subjects that we have covered in class that I am not totally comfortable with and I would like to go over them. I am split between studying over spring break and relaxing. It is a weird feeling because I usually prefer relaxing, but this is my last semester and this is my last chance to learn something before graduating.

3. What will you do next week?
Next week I try to code up the functions and classes that we see in class so that I don't have to do them from scratch before the next test. I think this will help me in future tests and help me understand the material that we will see the week following since Prof Downing usually teaches classes that interact with each other.

Tip of the Week: Rewrite every single piece of code that you see in Downing's classes and study with a partner. Thanks to that I was able to do excellent (or so I believe) in the test. Without my study partner I would have lost at least 20 points in the test.
