---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---
This will be my last semester so I have not had time to prepare for classes, instead I have been busy fixing my schedule, application for graduation, immigration status and other issues that most people go through before graduating. Even with all of this going on in my life I doubt it will impact my performance this course.

I enrolled in this course because a friend of mine told me that he learned an incredible amount of crucial information and it was the perfect course to have in your last semester. I believe this course forces you to review older topics that we learned in our first or second year as Computer Science students as well as adding a lot of new topics that I will need once I start working. So far I have no idea if this will be true or not but I am glad that I entered this course, not for the material that will be covered, but because of Professor Downing. I had him in previous classes, and I was very satisfied with his character as a professor. He was a great professor in OOP class.

I realize that this will be a difficult class but all the topics, projects and tests will help me in the real world once I graduate this coming May. I am afraid about what I will have to do since I am not familiar with python and other languages that we will use but I know that I am not the only one in this situation and Professor Downing said that it is not expected of me.

Having said that, next week I do plan on preparing more for this class by doing python tutorials and starting Collatz early, the last thing I need is to have technical issues the day the project is due.

Tip of the Week: If you are stuck trying to follow a tutorial of some advice online, take a break, walk a little bit and try to look for other tutorials. There might be some details in your environment that are not mentioned in the tutorial post. And also register for challenging classes with a friend so that you can learn new CS services together.
